konbanwa boku no nama a wa neko des
watashi no namae wa Jessa des Neko Sanwa
just Santos San Diego daikaku no
greenery su des eagerly sOooo hanashi
Marshall
allow us to tell you the story of
organic cotton the story begins here
with inorganic how is it different you
might ask yourself will allow us to
explain let us follow the thread all the
way back to its source from the consumer
who wears the t-shirt back to the
individual who produces it before the
cotton is spoiled and threaded into the
shirt that you wear it starts here in
the field it lives amongst the worms and
the butterflies and other insects this
symbiotic relationship but in inorganic
funds they see these as pests and they
spray them with pesticides harmful
toxins these pesticides not only kill
the insects or the pests like cotton but
they have an effect on the workers who
spray them as well through exposure and
through inhalation as well the internal
organs of the bodies of the workers who
spray them are very affected not only
that the pesticides are absorbed in the
soil and kills all the micro news
microorganisms and nutrients it is
brought down into the aquifers which is
then consumed by local residents and
animals alike
it is very harmful for all who are
involved yes
also there is a financial issue
companies that use pesticides they
wonder why their crop yields are so low
why the workers are so unhealthy and why
there aren't making so much money they
do not realize the effects of pesticides
are the connection between pesticides
and the lack of crop yield but there is
a solution it is organic cotton
then organic cotton connects the gaps
between production I assume it solves
the issues with its strong muscles and
sustainability and you look awesome in
it too it empowers you it feeds the soil
it feeds your organs and it creates a
rainbows happy rainbows and happy stars
everyone is all across the planet
healthy and excited look how happy this
cotton is happy cotton makes happy
t-shirts which make happy producers
which make happy consumers which makes
happy wait for it wait for it everything
we hope you enjoyed this video and I
sure have decided to choose organic
cotton over interviewing
you